Sup? There's been a ton
of drama on Twitch recently and I feel
like I got to get in on this. So, what
we could do is real quick, like literal
5 minutes before playing Skyrim. I have
the Doug Doug AI just say messages from
chat and you guys write messages that
would get me canceled. Not like actual
serious things, by the way, like really
weird innocuous things and then I'll
just mouth it and be like
So, we can farm clips of me admitting to
doing horrible things and then we'll
insert ourselves into the drama. That's
a terrible idea.
Yeah, it's really bad. I like the idea
of being like, "Yeah, did you see what
this person said?" And then this person
said this about this and this whatever.
Oh, yeah, and Doug Doug admitting to
shoving 10 baseballs into his [__]
every night. And it's just like not
related and it's just like we're I'm
just occasionally like warped into the
conversation and people just like what?
Chats, remember that no matter how much
Doug tries to derail this stream, we are
in fact supposed to play Skyrim. This is
an honest-to-god classic Skyrim stream.
What's like a thing I can have on screen
that would make it look like I'm
actually talking about drama?
>> [laughter]
>> Okay, PointCrow's
Okay, PointCrow's channel.
Okay, so we have an AI that's going to
read messages from chat, it's going to
try to find the most dramatic one and
it's going to read that. You need to
write it like I'm saying it, okay? And
then I'm going to do this.
And we're using the Doug Doug trained AI
voice, which isn't that accurate, so it
might not sound like I'm saying it. But
we're trying to [music] farm drama
clips, okay? It doesn't have to be about
PointCrow, it could just It should be
like a really weird crime that isn't
like serious. Why do I always join at
these parts?
>> [laughter]
>> Dude, I don't You're probably not the
only person who joins my stream and is
like, "Why isn't he doing a challenge?"
This is like 90% of the time, man.
There's very little gameplay that
happens here. I'm sorry to be the one to
tell you this. It's been 30 minutes. I
haven't even opened the game. Ready?
Go. Okay, it's listening right now. It's
going to listen for like 15 seconds. I,
Doug Doug, kicked the stuffed animals of
100 local orphans and laughed manically
as they wept.
Why is Wait, why is PointCrow watching
me? He'll be on Doug's stream. All
right, all right. Let me see what this
drama farmer is doing. Oh, so he's
reacting to my stream? I kidnapped
PointCrow and showed him NSFW Hitler
videos until he died.
>> [laughter]
>> That's a good one. PointCrow, we got to
farm drama. You got to react to this and
make a clip.
>> Okay, okay, I'm going to stop watching
you. I'm going to I'm going to I'm going
to I'm going to do like regular stuff.
Oh, chill, look at me go. Okay, here we
go. All right, give me give me some
dramatic messages. I drank the blood
donated to a children's hospital and I'm
going to do it again.
>> [laughter]
>> Why would I drink the blood?
Why would anybody do that? I, Douglas
Scott memoir, [music] have been having
uncontrollable urges to shove my piss
pots in PointCrow's ass. I also have
been accused of showing Hitler hentai on
stream. Why would I do that?
>> [laughter]
>> All right, this is Is this anything,
chat, what we're doing right now?
Someone said, "Yes, please Skyrim."
They're like desperate to stop this bit.
I, Doug Doug, broke into the local
Arby's and stuck my balls into the deep
fryer.
Okay, cool. That's good cuz like I'm
going on a vacation, right? So, this way
we can like, you know, farm a lot of
drama and still be relevant to the
streamer conversation when I get back.
You know what I mean? That being said, I
don't know why I would
>> [laughter]
>> do that. I think if given the option of
drinking And look, I This is my honest
I'm finally giving my honest opinion
here. If I had to pick between those
two, I think that I would rather drink
the blood that was intended for children
at a children's hospital than dip my
balls into the Arby's French fryer. When
do I react to the clip? Oh, I guess just
clip something. I don't know. Somebody
can share a clip, I guess. I don't know,
parts PointCrow. I didn't think about it
very much. I think that I would rather
drink the blood that was intended for
children at a children's hospital than
dip my balls into the Arby's French
fryer. When do I react to the clip?
Oh.
Oh, Doug Doug professional mode.
Do I want context?
Let's
Let's play Skyrim. When Doug finally
gets canceled, we can hold a book
burning.
>> [laughter]
>> Book burning. I work for Arby's PR. We
have gotten over 100 [music]
tweets about your balls in the deep
fryer. This is my day off and I have
[laughter] been called the throw up
time. There's like some actual serious
drama that's been happening on Twitch. I
just like the idea that as people are
listing it off, there's a drama that
channel that's also like And on top of
all of that, Doug and Arby's are in a
big Twitter feud right now because Doug
dipped his balls in the fryer. Hey Doug,
I don't want to miss PointCrow's [music]
challenge, so can you feed a stream to
your AI and have it announce his
progress to us? Thanks, Doug. You're
problematic.
>> [laughter]
>> [__] No, I want to play Skyrim, but
that's so funny. Okay, cuz I can have a
an AI [music] looking at PointCrow's
stream on another monitor and it just
occasionally says what's happening. Do
it, please. All right, 5-minute coding
adventure real quick. Just to describe
what's happening. I PointCrow's stream,
it's up on a monitor that you can't see,
but up there. So, I'm going to tell this
program I want to take a screenshot. We
ask ChatGPT, "Look at this screenshot
and tell us what's going on."
PointCrow's being hacked into by Doug
Doug. I am so sorry for your loss.
That's the wrong monitor. Okay, 1 hour
and no Skyrim is crazy. It's not that
crazy. We have to know what PointCrow's
up to. Look, we're still playing Skyrim
technically, see?
PointCrow is currently drinking a
milkshake. He's wearing a hat and the
hat says big ass. His chat is spamming
Pogies, Pogies, Pogies and apparently he
just took a huge [__] Just to be clear,
this is what he saw. That's what he saw
right there.
Try again.
We should now get information. So,
monitor four. There we go. It gets a
screenshot of him and now it will tell
us all about PointCrow. PointCrow is
currently on his 189th reset of a
Pokémon challenge that's taken 19 hours
and 32 minutes so far and he's sitting
in a Pokémon center trying to buy a wig
to wear on stream and he's also losing
on purpose to a bunch of trainers so
that he can farm chicken nuggets.
>> [laughter]
>> Wait, what? He's losing on purpose to
nugget farm for money. Dude, it's
actually reading his Twitch chat. Ladies
and gentlemen, officially you no longer
have to watch your boy PointCrow's
stream. You can just watch mine and get
updates. What a good deal for both of
us. Okay, finally, Skyrim. It is Skyrim
time. No more interruptions. That is the
last random tangent we will go on. Wait,
PointCrow made his stream black. Hey!
Hey! I'm banned.
>> [laughter]
>> I CAN'T WATCH.
HE MADE AN AI TO GIVE US updates on you.
You are currently farming for chicken
nuggets. Uh, that would make sense.
Wait, what happens if we're just silent?
It grabs screenshots, not an audio clip?
[__] No, we want to watch the stream.
Doug, I am charging you $100
per minute.
>> [laughter]
>> No,
I should be allowed to aggregate your
content like one of those shitty
Facebook channels that takes other
people's stuff and slaps a watermark on
it. Hold on, the AI is
>> [laughter]
>> Hold on, the AI is looking at his
stream. PointCrow is suing you.
>> [laughter]
>> All I want is to be able to look at his
stream and relay it to you guys without
permission. It's not asking for that
much. Your total is up to
$400. [laughter]
God damn it. Is he watching my stream? I
have the perfect counter argument. This
is what all the AI companies do. Boom.
I'm transforming the content
because Hold on. It is
flipped vertically. Transformed. Now I
get to have it for free.
If PointCrow won't let me watch him,
then I'll force a new PointCrow. All I
have to do is make my own PointCrow
stream. This is just what he's doing
today and people who want an update on
what PointCrow are doing today
God [laughter] damn it. No one will know
if they're in my stream that this isn't
the real PointCrow stream. It It looks
like we're watching PointCrow. Doug, I
don't think you got that right. That's
not That's not who I'm Okay, that's not
who I am. That's I I'm not okay. That's
not me. Doesn't recognize that is Doug?
Okay, well,
I'm going to PointCrow, I I hope you
enjoy your stream and we're going to go
play Skyrim, which is what everybody's
here for. You keep distracting me from
what everybody really wants. All right,
all right, all right, Skyrim. The AI
that reads PointCrow's thing only
happens every couple minutes. However,
out of sheer paranoia, he has turned his
stream into a giraffe and is just
waiting. I don't think It's going to
take several more minutes before the AI
even looks at this. So, there's a
thousand people who have to just look at
a picture of a giraffe. I mean, here's a
question, Eric. How long you going to
hold on this giraffe? You going to cop
out and end early? Are you going to let
You're going to wait till it reads it?
I'm I'm waiting. I'm waiting. I'm
literally just waiting here. I am
committed. It looks like PointCrow has
now gone live with a giraffe. He's now
streaming a giraffe on his stream. So,
if you guys want to watch a giraffe, go
over to PointCrow's stream. This giraffe
is really big. I can't tell how big
PointCrow is. Fummy said during that I
should turn off the AI. So, Eric is just
sitting there with a giraffe for like
[laughter] 10 minutes.
Can we flip this, have an AI play Skyrim
and describe it to us while we watch
PointCrow? The world is watching
PointCrow and then there's an AI who
says, "I just got to bleak falls barrel.
It was epic." All righty, ready to start
the challenge. Where do I start at? Up
here. This would be a hype start.
Uh-oh.
Hold on, it won't
Hold on, it looks like there is just a
giraffe at all
>> [laughter]
>> all times. Okay, hold on. I'm going to
update my AI. Give us giraffe updates.
We must know about the giraffe.
PointCrow's adding more giraffes to the
screen, but the giraffe on the right is
spinning. So, the giraffe on the left is
probably going to be very dizzy when
those giraffes kiss.
>> [snorts]
>> I do like that he assumes they're going
to kiss. Okay. All right, let's do the
challenge. Uh it is actually happening
for real this time. I have 10
Next round. 10 You must lock pick three
things and collect 10 cheeses, but you
must play at 0.5 scale. Easy. Is he
making [laughter] them kiss? They are
the closest living relative to the
giraffe. Scientists think that giraffes
have such long
>> Okay, I'm a tiny little elf boy and I'm
going to go to Riverwood. I think I'm
the size of like a rabbit. I'm like a
leprechaun, dude. I think PointCrow
added a dog to the screen. I think
that's a dog. It's a weird-looking dog,
though. Oh, he's alive.
Is he talking about this? That is not a
dog.
>> [laughter]
>> This is your hourly giraffe update. The
giraffes are still there and they're
kissing. Boy, I sure hope they don't
breed to create another giraffe because
we already have like six giraffes on
screen.
>> There's six of them? Oh my
>> [laughter]
>> god.
Wow, dude, these updates are great. I
got to find I have 4 minutes. I need to
find lock picks. If I don't have lock
picks, I can't pick anything. Oh my god,
I'm too short to get the cheese. No
[__] way, dude.
Okay, I got on the table. I'm a tiny
little boy and I'm stealing all the
cheese. There's a dog on screen. There's
a dog on screen. There's a dog on
screen.
>> That is true.
Okay, all right. Cheese, cheese, cheese,
cheese, cheese, cheese.
All right, I've got 10 cheese wheels. I
just have to lock pick things.
PointCrow's currently adding another
giraffe to the screen. So, we have
counts. Giraffes 1 2 3 4 5 6 giraffes. I
really enjoy the updates, to be honest.
No.
No, I'm just a poor little elf boy.
Don't hit me. Five. Four.
Three. Two.
ONE. THERE'S A CAT ON SCREEN NOW.
NEXT ROUND.
>> THERE'S CAT? OH.
IS anybody able to watch Pokémon or
Anyways, if you're curious what's going
on at PointCrow's stream, we're sure to
hang out here. I'll give you all the
updates. This is what watching your
streams is like.
>> [laughter]
>> Yeah, that's probably true.
Hi Duke Crow. Are you considered a
[music] Pokémon streamer now? The only
thing I ever do is play Skyrim on
stream.
Next round. You must collect 30
vegetables and fail a quest, but you
can't touch any snow. Wait,
>> [laughter]
>> I'm I'm literally on this Okay, this is
a rock. Dude, I'm on the top of a snowy
mountain. I This is rock. We're saying
this is rock. It's not possible
otherwise. Okay, starting now. I can't
touch snow. It is literally snowing on
you. It's raining. Please. Okay, fail a
quest. There's an easy one to do in
Whiterun, so we'll go in there. On the
way, we will collect 30 vegetables cuz
there's lots of stuff out here.
PointCrow is currently showing giraffe
pictures to the AI to see if it can
determine if it's a giraffe. Wait.
>> [laughter]
>> They don't think this is a giraffe? Hold
on, I'm running again. I'm running
again. Is the AI analyzing? Can it
figure it out? PointCrow's currently
having sex with a car muffler. Cuz
Twitch chat is currently spamming
whether they've caught him doing that or
not, and he's caught 149 [laughter]
Pokémon in Pokémon LeafGreen. WHAT THE
[__] IS HAPPENING? OKAY, I I DON'T KNOW
HOW MANY um vegetables this is. It's a
lot.
I don't think it's 30, but it's close.
PointCrow is currently on top of a car
muffler, [__] it. That is I also just
want to say that is not like a random
screenshot. That is the stream right
now. This is the stream. This is the
stream we are currently watching.
>> [laughter]
>> PointCrow's stream honestly sounds
cooler when you watch it from my AI's
perspective. Okay, he put a a dad
>> [laughter]
>> PointCrow is searching for giraffes.
He's on reset 189. He put a baby on top
of a muffler. You know, like those memes
that are like, "Can you find my car
muffler?" I don't know those memes,
actually. Baby on a muffler is my
favorite meme format. IT'S THE SAME
[laughter] MUFFLER.
HI DOUG, THIS is PointCrow. I've hacked
your AI. You're bald and short. You'll
never be rich and humble. This is really
me when baby on a muffler.
>> [laughter]
>> Yeah, dude. FR, bro. PointCrow just
learned that you can catch Snorlax
without battling it in Pokémon FireRed,
which made him smile for the first time
in his life. Meanwhile, Twitch chat is
watching a giraffe drink water and it's
really funny because the giraffe just
did a fart. And I just want to say that
you guys are really pretty. Okay, he's
done something for the AI. None of that
made sense. PointCrow is cheating on a
math test, and he's trying to get the
answer to what is 2 + 2 from his Twitch
chat. Meanwhile, [laughter] the giraffes
are kissing each other. This is why you
should only watch my streams. I wouldn't
cheat on a math test like PointCrow
would.
What? Why? Was I sniped in midair? What
just happened? Dude, why?
I'll make a little he fell, I know, but
I feel like I went directly into the
deep water. Giraffe update. Guys, the
giraffe is gone. The giraffe has been
replaced by a Toyota Corolla. Wait,
what?
>> [laughter]
>> Well, ladies and gentlemen, that
concludes today's Skyrim gameplay
stream. I just want to say that you are
an absolute [__] stupid idiot. And I
would like to say
that I'm proud of you.
But like in a platonic way.
>> [laughter]